docs/containerd-2.0.md: add more highlights (#10926)
containerd/containerd: docs/containerd-2.0.md

### NRI is now enabled by default

NRI (Node Resource Interface) is a framework for plugging domain or vendor-specific logic into OCI-compatible container runtimes. It allows users to make changes to containers, perform extra actions, and improve the management of resources. NRI plugins are considered to be part of the container runtime, and access to NRI is controlled by restricting access to the systemwide NRI socket. See the ["NRI"](NRI.md) document for more details.

### CDI is now enabled by default

> CDI (Container Device Interface) is required by the Kubernetes Device Plugin framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDI (Container Device Interface) provides a standard mechanism for device vendors to describe what is required to provide access to a specific resource such as a GPU beyond a simple device name.  CDI is now part of the Kubernetes Device Plugin framework.
```

Author: done

Administrators whose workloads are running on containerd versions >= 1.6.27, >= 1.7.12 can query their containerd server to receive warnings for features marked for deprecation and are in the critical path. With the `ctr` client, users can run `ctr deprecations list` (and optionally pass `--format json` for machine-readable output).

> ### CRI support for user namespaces

Author: done

> The CRI plugin now supports running pods with [user namespaces](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces/) so as to map the user IDs in pods to different user IDs on the host.

Author: done
